Effective Date: July 24, 2022 
At ZJ Games Studio (“ZJ Games Studio”, “we,” “us,” or “our”), we understand the importance of maintaining your privacy, and we, therefore, strive to provide our service with your protection in mind.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please at support at zjgames44@gmail.com

INFORMATION WE COLLECT 
 Information that can be gathered is “Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact or locate of a single person, or to identify an individual in context. 
 Such information is made up of “Personal Information” and “Non-Personal Information.”
  “Personal Information” means information that you provide to us that personally identifies you, such as your first and last name, email address, physical address, telephone number, billing information, or social security number.
  “Non-Personal Information” means information that does not specifically identify you.
  
 LFR - (Live For Race) collects “Non-Personal Information” : information that we gather from your use of our Service.

As mentioned Above we do not collect “Personal Information” which means that There is no Such an Option in the game for giving your Personal Information such as your first and last name, email address, physical address, telephone number, billing information, or social security number.
Actually we collect Non-Personal Information.

OUR INFORMATION USE 
We collect information from you and our other users to administe our business activities and to measure and improve our Service. In addition, information collected from end-users may be used in aggregate form to, among other things, determine the total number of end-users, DAU(Daily Active Users) etc... who are using our Service, diagnose and fix compatibility problems or other problems with our Service, and perform statistical analyses (In this case Unity Analytics) to enable us to build higher quality, more useful online services and content. We may use the information collected from you to show advertising and promotions tailored to your interests.

ADDITIONAL TERMS 
-Changes to this Privacy Policy 
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant. Your continued use of our Service after such change has been made will signify your acceptance of such change.
